# General Thoughts and Conclusion

From my time spent researching Graph databases, learning about their concepts and spending hands on time using Neo4j, I have gained a huge appreciation for the way in which databases are modeled and designed in such a way that bring a front end user experience to life. In my opinion and from this experience I feel graph databases and Neo4j give a richer and more dynamic method of data storage and modeling. Relationships between nodes in a graph store bring a much more natural feel to the way in which every day data can be represented and in my opinion can perhaps offer a lot more than static tables in a traditional SQL style database.

In my opinion this project was a good exercise in making design decisions and approaching a problem while keeping thoughts on different angles and views in mind. I feel like the project was not a linear progression. At first, I had what I thought was a good idea of how I wanted to model the data in the graph, however, getting hands on with Neo4j and approaching the problem from the angle of - "How am I going to query this?", helped me quite a lot I feel.

Admittedly, the one part of the project I didn't enjoy was the gathering of the timetable data from the GMIT Timetable Site. On reflection, with the time I spent scraping data and populating my database I feel I would've learned more in writing a script to scrape the data and store it in a CSV file, as opposed to doing it manually with Sublime Text and the use of find and replace with regular expressions. Therefore, I feel like my time could have been optimised better towards the design and model of the database if I was to use the LOAD CSV function that Neo4j offers. 
Despite this, the project was a great expedition, I thoroughly enjoyed the exploration of what Graph Databases offer as a much more interesting alternative to a SQL data store and I look forward to using Neo4j more as I progress.